Okay,
guys up to know we've used the name box to name on named Rangers.
But there is another way of doing it now.
What we could do is we could highlight this section just here and use this as the name of
our named range on.
Have this actually be the named range.
So I'm just going to highlight Apple Danto apricots on drag across that I'm gonna come to
formulas and then I'm gonna hit in this section defined names create from selection.
When I left quick that you can see what happens is we get this little box that pops up on.
We can see that top row is not being ticked,
but left column has so well that's going to do is take Apple Onda.
Apply the name Apple to this cell.
It will take the name oranges on the play too.
They sell coconuts to their cell and so on so forth.
So when they hit Okay,
Uh,
nothing a parent has happened before.
Click up here.
I can no click apple and see that that is this cell.
I could click bananas and see that That's this cell I could click markup and said that's
this cell or I could click my first range and see that it's that entire cell.
So what we can do with that now if we want to know the price of apples?
Remember that apple?
Where's that apple?
Is this cell we could literally just I've equals apple and hit Enter and there you go.
Tent where the four matins wrong on that one.
So let's just change that to format and they go.
Apples are 10 p.
Oregon type equals oranges on oranges are 11 pay.
So there you go.
That's another way to create a named range there.
Just so you know how to do this,
I'm also going to show you how to get rid of named Ranges.
So we're going to go back to the formulas were going to come to name Manager,
and there you can see we have All of our range is defined here.
So Apple holds the value of 10 which is there on it refers to static named range is one
which is the name of the sheet on its absolute be absolute six.
No,
to get rid of that,
I'm just going to hit,
delete,
hit OK and delete it.
So I'm also gonna delete apricots.
I'm gonna delete bananas,
and I'm gonna delete coconuts along and delete oranges.
And in the next lecture,
I'm gonna show you another trick.
So see you in the next lecture.